Add changelog for v3.1.0 (#25)
Fortnite-API/py-wrapper: docs/changelog.rst

.. currentmodule:: fortnite_api

.. _changelog:

Changelog
=========

.. _vp3p1p0:

v3.1.0
-------

New Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Add :attr:`fortnite_api.MaterialInstance.product_tag`
- Add :attr:`fortnite_api.ShopEntry.colors`
- Add :attr:`fortnite_api.ShopEntry.offer_tag`
- Add :attr:`fortnite_api.ShopEntryLayout.rank`

> - Add :attr:`fortnite_api.ShopEntryNewDisplayAsset.render_images`
> - Create new object :class:`fortnite_api.ShopEntryRenderImage`

Author: This conflicts with #26. I recommend removing these lines here, merging this PR, and leaving it up to #26 to update this changelog with its changes.
```suggestion
```

.. currentmodule:: fortnite_api

.. _changelog:

Changelog
=========

.. _vp3p1p0:

v3.1.0
-------

> This version introduces new data for shop-related objects, reflecting the updated shop layouts and the Fortnite webshop. Additionally, it includes functions that were omitted in version 3.0.0 and addresses a design decision that results in a breaking change.

Author: ```suggestion
This version introduces new data for shop-related objects, reflecting the updated shop layouts and the Fortnite webshop. Additionally, it includes functions that were omitted in version v3.0.0 and addresses a design decision that results in a breaking change.
```

Breaking Changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- ``ShopEntryNewDisplayAsset`` has been renamed to :class:`fortnite_api.NewDisplayAsset`.

> - ``BannerColor.colour`` has been removed as it was merely an alias for :attr:`fortnite_api.BannerColor.color`.

Author: ```suggestion
- Alias ``BannerColor.colour`` has been removed for consistency. The API does not use aliases, use  attr:`fortnite_api.BannerColor.color` instead.
```

New Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Added new object :class:`fortnite_api.ProductTag`.
- Added attribute :attr:`fortnite_api.MaterialInstance.product_tag`.
- Added new object :class:`fortnite_api.ShopEntryOfferTag`.
- Added new object :class:`fortnite_api.ShopEntryColors`.
- Added new object :class:`fortnite_api.RenderImage`.
- Added attribute :attr:`fortnite_api.ShopEntryLayout.rank`.
- Added attribute :attr:`fortnite_api.NewDisplayAsset.render_images`.
- Added attribute :attr:`fortnite_api.ShopEntry.offer_tag`.
- Added attribute :attr:`fortnite_api.ShopEntry.colors`.

Bug Fixes
~~~~~~~~~
- Fixed an issue where ``type`` and ``time_window`` parameters were not respected when fetching stats.
- :attr:`fortnite_api.Playlist.images` now returns ``None`` when no images are available, instead of an empty dict.

> - Ensured all datetime objects include timezone information to avoid returning naive datetime objects in rare cases.

Author: ```suggestion
- Bug fix for returning naive datetime objects in rare cases. All datetime objects are UTC aware.
```

Documentation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Added :ref:`response flags <response_flags>` documentation to explain how to use the ``fortnite_api.ResponseFlags`` class, how to enable response flags, which response flags are available, and when you should enable them.

> - Added ``opt-in`` directive on attributes that require a specific response flag to be set. This is to ensure users are aware of the response flags required to access certain attributes when using the API.

Author: ```suggestion
- Added ``opt-in`` directive in the documentation on attributes that require a specific response flag to be set. This ensures users know of the response flags required to access certain attributes when using the API.
```

Miscellaneous
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Fetching specific game mode news raised :class:`fortnite_api.ServiceUnavailable`, due to improper handling from Fortnite-API.com. This has been fixed within the API. Now, when no news is available, :class:`fortnite_api.NotFound` is raised instead. This change is reflected in the documentation.

Author: ```suggestion
- Previously, fetching specific game mode news raised :class:`fortnite_api.ServiceUnavailable` due to improper handling from Fortnite-API.com. This has been fixed within the API. Now, when no news is available, :class:`fortnite_api.NotFound` is raised instead. This change is also reflected in the documentation.
```

> - Improved documentation for attributes that require specific response flags to be set.

Author: Redundant from above
```suggestion
```
